Update the unconditional image generation about.md (#541)
huggingface/hub-docs: tasks/src/unconditional-image-generation/about.md

This can be used for a variety of applications, such as creating new artistic images, improving image recognition algorithms, or generating photorealistic images for virtual reality environments.

Unconditional image generation models usually start with a *seed* that generates a *random noise vector*. The model will then use this vector to create an output image similar to the images used for training the model.

An example of unconditional image generation would be generating the image of a face on a model trained with the [CelebA dataset](https://huggingface.co/datasets/huggan/CelebA-HQ) or [generating a butterfly](https://huggingface.co/spaces/huggan/butterfly-gan) on a model trained with the [Smithsonian Butterflies dataset](https://huggingface.co/datasets/ceyda/smithsonian_butterflies).

[Generative adversarial networks](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Generative_adversarial_network) and [Diffusion](https://huggingface.co/docs/diffusers/index) are common architectures for this task.

## Use Cases

> Unconditional image generation can be used for a variety of applications, including:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Unconditional image generation can be used for a variety of applications.
```

> Artistic expression: Unconditional image generation can be used to create novel, original artwork that is not based on any existing images. This can be used to explore new creative possibilities and produce unique, imaginative images.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Artistic Expression
Unconditional image generation can be used to create novel, original artwork that is not based on any existing images. This can be used to explore new creative possibilities and produce unique, imaginative images.
```

> Data augmentation: It can be used to generate new images that can be added to a dataset to improve the performance of image recognition algorithms. This can help to make the algorithms more robust and better able to handle a wider range of images.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Data Augmentation 
Unconditional image generation models can be used to generate new images to improve the performance of image recognition algorithms. This makes algorithms more robust and able to handle a broader range of images.
```

> Virtual reality: It can be used to create photorealistic images that can be used in virtual reality environments. This can help to make the VR experience more immersive and realistic.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Virtual Reality 
Unconditional image generation models can be used to create photorealistic images that can be used in virtual reality environments. This makes the VR experience more immersive and realistic.
```

> Medical imaging: It can be used to generate new medical images, such as CT or MRI scans, that can be used to train and evaluate medical image analysis algorithms. This can help to improve the accuracy and reliability of these algorithms.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Medical Imaging 
Unconditional image generation models can generate new medical images, such as CT or MRI scans, that can be used to train and evaluate medical imaging algorithms. This can improve the accuracy and reliability of these algorithms.
```

> Design: It can be used to generate new designs for products, such as clothing or furniture, that are not based on any existing designs. This can help designers to explore new creative possibilities and produce unique, innovative designs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Industrial Design 
Unconditional image generation models can generate new designs for products, such as clothing or furniture, that are not based on any existing designs. This way, designers can explore new creative possibilities and produce unique, innovative designs.
```
